Tweak README (#93)
sanity-io/GROQ: README.md

# GROQ specification

> This is the specification for GROQ (Graph-Relational Object Queries), a query language and execution engine made at Sanity, Inc, for filtering and projecting JSON documents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the specification for GROQ (Graph-Relational Object Queries), a query language and execution engine made at [Sanity.io](https://www.sanity.io), for filtering and projecting JSON documents.
```
